if you're anything like me your ad
revenue is down bad right now even if
your views are and you're probably
wondering to yourself will this ever
come back but don't worry because I'm
about to show you an ad Revenue hack
that will get it back within potentially
a week and it's increasing people's ad
Revenue 50 across the board this is no
joke either I'm going to show you proof
it works too so what the heck is going
on Ed I'm glad you asked so a few weeks
ago in my Discord Steve from the channel
alive engineered comes flying in and he
told us this story about how everyone's
been setting up their ads for all and
that there's actually a special way to
do it so that you make more money now I
read it when I was out and about and I
kind of forgot about it and then a few
weeks later Marie from humblebee and me
runs through the door and said Steve it
actually worked I did what you said and
last week I got 79 less views than the
week before but I made more money from
ads and then John from plug-in Ali
replied to say he'd also done the same
thing and it worked too his brothers
Rodney Coleman who said it increased his
ad Revenue 50 so how can you do the same
and why has everyone been setting up
their ads wrong this whole entire time
well it all comes down to this thing
here this is the mid-roll advert and I
hate hate them with a passion you like
me are potentially gone the second one
displays but this is why this hack is so
genius because as Steve put it the best
part to this is no other metrics dip
when you do it and literally nobody says
anything you just make more money it's
insane and that is because for every
person that hates them one doesn't so
let me show you how mid-roll ads
actually works you understand how to set
them up to make more money for yourself
so when you get monetized you can put in
skippable ads non-skippable cards and
mid-roll ads you can let YouTube Place
Those midro ads for you or you can place
them yourself now the teaching has
always been to follow a similar strategy
to how traditional media uses ads and
put Motorola ads at a cliffhanger moment
in your video so people want to come
back saving your attention now you can
only turn mid-roll ads on a video that's
over eight minutes long so people often
put one mid-roll ad about halfway
through their video at one of those
Cliffhanger moment thing is this won't
actually make much of a difference to
your ad Revenue because when you put a
mid-roll ad in it's not actually a
guarantee that it will show to someone
so what is it then well each placement
is just a chance it could get shown so
the algorithm knows it's user by a
profile and that profile apparently
includes their tolerance to ads so it
knows that if a viewer like me can't
handle them it's not going to play one
when you've asked it to so the bad news
is you adding a mid-roll ad could have
resulted in zero new monies but it gets
worse when Marie checked out a video
she's made with over 377 000 views that
she'd asked YouTube to Auto apply
mid-roll ads to she was appalled to see
that the video racked up 350 000 views
with no mid-roll ads displayed at all in
fact the auto insert had only included
one at the very end so her advice to us
was do not trust the auto add tool but
if she'd follow this way to add mid-roll
ads I'm about to show you she'd have
been hundreds of dollars up for a few
minutes extra work so how do you add
mid-roll ads to make more money well you
put in a lot of them and I mean a lot I
know I was absolutely terrified when I
heard this because I thought that's just
going to impact retention but apparently
it doesn't really matter even if you
place ads every minute because the
algorithm knows each user by their ad
tolerance and because each placement is
only a chance of that showing it won't
and it's actually been established that
the average viewer only sees between 0.9
and 1.5 ads in a video with full
placement and this has been tested on
over 100 channels and resulted in an
average of a 50 rpm increase with no
impact retention but this is where it
gets interesting the advice given from
our legendary Discord conversation on
how many to place was as follows first
have all ad types enabled that means
pre-roll mid-roll post roll and uh the
other everything also display and cards
then try to place your ads about two
minutes or more apart with the ads being
placed one second after the beginning of
a chapter now if you don't use chapters
fear not make sure to place the mid-roll
at the end of the sentence or in slow
spots of the video or places with little
action or places of Silence apparently
you have a higher chance of playing ads
during times like that I don't know why
an invent the system and then place them
in the following patterns now the
Discord chat recommended something like
this as an aggressive approach you can
see that on screen right now but if
you're feeling less aggressive you could
adapt to the medium approach you can
also see on screen right now or the
light approach also on screen right now
pause the video if you want to jot those
down but before you run off and do this
to every video do not do that I have to
remind you that this is the internet and
this whole video is based on a
conversation spin around in a Discord
yes many of my students tried it with
only positive results but you need to
test this for yourself first on one
video Don't Go listening to this clown
on the internet but if like me you're
thinking to yourself you know what I
still don't want to put mid-roll ads in
because they just annoy the heck out of
me how can I make money on YouTube in
another way we'll watch this video here
where I've got 32 different ideas for
you that enable you to create passive
income from your YouTube channel and I
reckon pretty much any YouTuber has got
something they could use in there